OSDOCS-6528: Created documentation for creating a shared VPC (#63793)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sharing-vpc-dns-and-roles.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/rosa-shared-vpc-config.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-sharing-vpc-dns-and-roles_{context}"]
= Creating your DNS and cluster creation roles

> After the VPC-owning AWS account user creates a virtual private cloud, subnets, and an IAM role for sharing the VPC resources, the cluster-creating AWS account must create a DNS domain and operator roles to share with the VPC-owning AWS account.

Reviewer: I think you need the word "user" after "cluster-creating AWS account". "Operator" should also be capitalized.

.Prerequisites

* You have the ARN for the IAM role that is used to share your VPC.

.Procedure

. On the cluster creator's AWS account, you create a DNS domain with the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create dns-domain
----
+
The command creates a generated DNS domain.
+
[source,terminal]
----
I: DNS domain '14eo.p1.openshiftapps.com' has been created.
I: To view all DNS domains, run 'rosa list dns-domains
----

> . After creating the DNS domain, the cluster creator needs to create an OIDC configuration. The following command produces an OIDC config ID that you need:

Reviewer: I think "the" might work better than "an" in the last sentence.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create oidc-config
----

> . After the OIDC configuration is created, you create the operator roles using the following command:

Reviewer: Should "operator" be capitalized?

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create operator-roles --oidc-config-id <oidc-config-ID> <1>
    --installer-role-arn <Installer_Role> <2>
    --shared-vpc-role-arn <Created_VPC_Role_Arn> <3>
    --prefix <operator-prefix> <4>
----
--
<1> Provide the ODIC configuration ID that you created in the previous step.
<2> Provide the cluster creator's installer ARN that was created as part of the `rosa create account-roles` process.
<3> Provide the ARN for the role the VPC owner created.

> <4> Create a prefix for the operator roles, noting that for sharing a VPC, when you create your cluster, you must use this prefix as the cluster name.

Reviewer: Should "operator" be capitalized?

> <4> Create a prefix for the Operator roles, noting that for sharing a VPC, when you create your cluster, you must use this prefix as the cluster name.

Reviewer 2: It doesn't have to be the cluster name, sorry, I misled you in the meeting we had.

--

> When complete, share the created DNS domain, the cluster name, the domain name, which is `<cluster_name>.<created_dns_domain>`, your Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials and Installer roles' ARN with the VPC-owning AWS account user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When complete, share the _full_ doman name, which is created with `<intended_cluster_name>.<created_dns_domain>`, your _Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials_ and _Installer_ roles' ARN with the *VPC-owning AWS account* user.

This information should look similar to
. ``my-rosa-cluster.14eo.p1.openshiftapps.com``
. ``arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/ManagedOpenShift-Installer-Role``
. ``arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/my-rosa-cluster-openshift-ingress-operator-cloud-credentials``
```

> When complete, share the created DNS domain, your Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials and Installer roles' ARN, and the operator role prefix with the VPC-owning AWS account user.

Reviewer: Capitalize "operator".

> When complete, share the created DNS domain, your Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials and Installer roles' ARN, and the Operator role prefix with the VPC-owning AWS account user.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is worth guiding the ROSA user to share the desired hosted zone **Domain name** that is going to be `<cluster_name>.<created_dns_domain>`
```suggestion
When complete, share the created DNS domain, your Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials and Installer roles' ARN, and the cluster name with the VPC-owning AWS account user.
```

Reviewer 4: @oriAdler  Operator role prefix is still required by cluster creator: `--operator-roles-prefix <prefix>`

Reviewer 2: Yes, it is required by the cluster creator when creating the operator roles and the cluster, but the VPC owner doesn't need the operator role prefix.

> When complete, share the created DNS domain, your Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials and Installer roles' ARN, and the Operator role prefix with the VPC-owning AWS account user.

Reviewer 4: @EricPonvelle As this is very important configure steps for Shared-VPC install, can we make it more clear in the doc?

@oriAdler WDYT?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/rosa-shared-vpc-config.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-sharing-vpc-dns-and-roles_{context}"]
= Creating your DNS and cluster creation roles

> After the *VPC-owning AWS account* user creates a virtual private cloud, subnets, and an IAM role for sharing the VPC resources, the *cluster-creating AWS account* user must reserve an _openshiftapps.com_ DNS domain and create Operator roles to communicate back to the *VPC-owning AWS account*.

Reviewer 5: Same comment here about highlighting for user role names. In the OCP docs, role names are typically in monospace font. I'm not sure if the conventions in the ROSA docs are different. Also, consider using monospace instead of italics for "openshiftapps.com" unless that is a user-replaced value.

.Prerequisites

* You have the ARN for the IAM role that is used to share your VPC.

.Procedure

> . The cluster creator reserves an _openshiftapps.com_ a DNS domain with the following command:

Reviewer 5: See previous comment about the highlighting of openshiftapps.com.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create dns-domain
----
+
The command creates a reserved _openshiftapps.com_ DNS domain.
+
[source,terminal]
----
I: DNS domain '14eo.p1.openshiftapps.com' has been created.

> I: To view all DNS domains, run 'rosa list dns-domains

Reviewer: Is this line missing the ` symbol at the end after "domains"?

----

> . After creating the DNS domain, the cluster creator needs to create an OIDC configuration. Review this article for more information link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7031018[on the ODIC configuration process]. The following command produces the OIDC config ID that you need:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. After you create the DNS domain, create an OIDC configuration. Review this article for more information link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7031018[on the ODIC configuration process]. The following command produces the OIDC config ID that you need:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create oidc-config
----
+
You receive confirmation that the command created an OIDC configuration.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> I: To create Operator Roles for this OIDC Configuration, run the following command and remember to replace <user-defined> with a prefix of your choice:

Author: This is in the CLI
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/16167833/940a1bed-8dad-4a39-89c4-a1c5fa12df90)

> I: To create Operator Roles for this OIDC Configuration, run the following command and remember to replace <user-defined> with a prefix of your choice:

Reviewer 6: That may be, but that doesn't mean that it's required in official docs.

	rosa create operator-roles --prefix <user-defined> --oidc-config-id 25tu67hq45rto1am3slpf5lq6jargg
----

> . After the OIDC configuration is created, you create the Operator roles using the following command:

Reviewer: I don't think you need the "you" in this sentence. The rest of the page doesn't refer to the second person, it just uses imperatives.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create operator-roles --oidc-config-id <oidc-config-ID> <1>
    --installer-role-arn <Installer_Role> <2>
    --shared-vpc-role-arn <Created_VPC_Role_Arn> <3>
    --prefix <operator-prefix> <4>
----
+
--
<1> Provide the ODIC configuration ID that you created in the previous step.
<2> Provide the cluster creator's installer ARN that was created as part of the `rosa create account-roles` process.

> <3> Provide the ARN for the role that the *VPC-owning AWS account* created.

Reviewer 5: Check bold highlighting here.

<4> Provide a prefix for the Operator roles.
--
+
[NOTE]
====
The Installer account role and the shared VPC role should have a one-to-one relationship. If you wish to create multiple shared VPC roles, you should create one set of account roles per shared VPC role.
====

> When complete, share the _full_ domain name, which is created with `<intended_cluster_name>.<created_dns_domain>`, your _Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials_ and _Installer_ roles' ARN with the *VPC-owning AWS account* user.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
After you create the Operator roles, share the full domain name, which is created with `<intended_cluster_name>.<created_dns_domain>`, your Ingress Operator cloud credentials, and your installer roles' ARN with the *VPC-owning AWS account* user.
```
The highlighting in this sentence makes it hard to understand. Would this revision work?

> This information should look similar to:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This information resembles these examples:
```
